Add `o!TFAC #2` contest article (#7446)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Contests/o!tFAC/1/en.md

- **Contestants will submit ONE difficulty of any licensed song they choose from the [Featured Artist library](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists).**
- **Your map must be an osu!taiko map.**

> - **All submissions must be rankable.** No beatmap submitted must be intentionally unrankable. Mistakes happen and points will be deducted for them, but this is a regular mapping contest, not Aspire. (You're allowed to ignore spread rules for the sake of this contest.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **All submissions must be rankable.** No beatmap submitted must be intentionally unrankable. Mistakes happen and points will be deducted for them, but this is a regular mapping contest, not Aspire. (You are allowed to ignore spread rules for the sake of this contest.)
```
